Introduce the `attributeRank` and `wordPosition` ranking rules (#3462)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/relevancy/ranking_rules.mdx

[It is possible to lower the precision of this ranking rule.](/reference/api/settings#proximity-precision) This may significantly improve indexing performance. In a minority of use cases, lowering precision may also lead to lower search relevancy for queries using multiple search terms.

## 4. Attribute rank

Results are sorted according to the **[attribute ranking order](/learn/relevancy/attribute_ranking_order)**. Returns documents that contain query terms in more important attributes first.

This ranking rule ignores the position of the matched words within the attribute.

## 5. Attribute position

Results are sorted by the **position of query terms within the attributes**. Returns documents that contain query terms closer to the beginning of an attribute first.

> This ranking rule ignores the attribute ranking order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule evaluates only the position of matched words within attributes and does not consider the attribute ranking order.
```
